mtl/2dAngle 2d
mtl/2dAngleLine 2d
mtl/2dDistance 2d
mtl/2dRatio 2d
mtl/3dAdd 3d
mtl/3dAngle 3d
mtl/3dCross 3d
mtl/3dDistance 3d
mtl/3dDot 3d
mtl/3dMagnitude 3d
mtl/3dMove 3d
mtl/3dNormalize 3d
mtl/3dPanTilt 3d
mtl/3dRotate 3d
mtl/3dScale 3d
mtl/3dSubtract 3d
mtl/FFTComp~ fx~
mtl/FFTExpander~ fx~
mtl/FFT~ fx~
mtl/VCR ui
mtl/additive~ instrument~
mtl/adsr~ control~
mtl/alindx~ fx~
mtl/amTremolo~ fx~
mtl/ambiCatch7~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiDistance7~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiGain3~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiGain4~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiGain7~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiLimiter4~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiLimiter6~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiMonoToWxyuvpq~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiMonoToWxyz~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiMonoToWxy~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiReceive7~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiRotateWxyuvpq~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiRotateWxy~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiSend7~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiSfRead4~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiSfRead7~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiSfWrite4~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiSfWrite7~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiTable4 ambisonic
mtl/ambiTablePlay3~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiTableRead3~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiThrow7~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiVu3~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiVu4~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiVu7~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiWxyToMono~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiWxyToQuad~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiWxyToWxyuvpq~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiWxyuvpqToMono~ ambisonic
mtl/ambiWxyzToMono~ ambisonic
mtl/ambient~ synthesize~
mtl/applause~ synthesize~
mtl/arpeggio musical
mtl/asciiToPd conversion
mtl/aux~ mix~
mtl/beep~ synthesize~
mtl/bell~ synthesize~
mtl/benchmark tools
mtl/binaryToByte conversion
mtl/biorythm~ control~
mtl/bitcrusher~ fx~
mtl/blip~ synthesize~
mtl/blockmirror~ fx~
mtl/blockswap~ fx~
mtl/bodyresonance~ fx~
mtl/bongo~ synthesize~
mtl/bounce~ synthesize~
mtl/bpmToFreq conversion
mtl/bpmToMs conversion
mtl/bubbles~ synthesize~
mtl/bufferfx~ fx~
mtl/buttonColor ui
mtl/byteToBinary conversion
mtl/bytesToIntSigned conversion
mtl/center math
mtl/channel~ mix~
mtl/chordGuess midi
mtl/chorus2~ fx~
mtl/chorus~ fx~
mtl/chronometer timing
mtl/clap808~ synthesize~
mtl/clap~ synthesize~
mtl/clkMaster timing sequencing
mtl/clkSlave timing sequencing
mtl/clkUDPIn timing network
mtl/clkUDPOut timing network
mtl/clocker timing
mtl/closestNote musical
mtl/colorGrid ui
mtl/coloredNoise~ synthesize~
mtl/compress~ mix~
mtl/concat lists
mtl/crackles~ synthesize~
mtl/cranks~ synthesize~
mtl/cues timing
mtl/cues~ timing
mtl/cycle5 musical
mtl/decimate~ fx~
mtl/degreeToChord musical
mtl/degreeToRadian conversion
mtl/delayPhasor~ fx~
mtl/diode~ fx~
mtl/distoAp~ fx~
mtl/distoChebychev~ fx~
mtl/distoCreb~ fx~
mtl/distoCrusher~ fx~
mtl/distoFuzz~ fx~
mtl/distoLofi~ fx~
mtl/distoNonmonotone~ fx~
mtl/distoSign~ fx~
mtl/distoTanh~ fx~
mtl/distro8bit~ fx~
mtl/dodeca musical
mtl/doubleClick ui
mtl/drips~ synthesize~
mtl/dtmfBusy~ synthesize~
mtl/dtmfHandUp~ synthesize~
mtl/dtmfHurryUp~ synthesize~
mtl/dtmfNumber~ synthesize~
mtl/dtmfRing~ synthesize~
mtl/echoBp~ fx~
mtl/echoRobot~ fx~
mtl/echoVd~ fx~
mtl/eq3~ fx~
mtl/eq~ mix~
mtl/even-odd~ fx~
mtl/every sequencing
mtl/fftNoiseReduce~ fx~
mtl/fibonacci math
mtl/fileBrowser ui file
mtl/filterPeakSig~ fx~
mtl/fit musical
mtl/flanger~ fx~
mtl/foldback~ fx~
mtl/foldover~ fx~
mtl/form musical behavior
mtl/fpsToMs conversion
mtl/framesToSmpte conversion
mtl/freqdiv~ fx~
mtl/freqshift~ fx~
mtl/frying~ synthesize~
mtl/fuzz2~ fx~
mtl/gBrowser ui
mtl/gateNoise~ mix~
mtl/gemsAlphaMode gems
mtl/gemsAverageColor gems
mtl/gemsCropMap gems
mtl/gemsCuber gems
mtl/gemsDuplicate gems
mtl/gemsFeedback gems
mtl/gemsImages gems
mtl/gemsLines gems
mtl/gemsLoop gems
mtl/gemsMouse gems
mtl/gemsMovies gems
mtl/gemsPolygon gems
mtl/gemsScaleToPix gems
mtl/gemsStretch gems
mtl/gemsWheel gems
mtl/gemsWin gems
mtl/granularLive~ fx~
mtl/gunGas~ synthesize~
mtl/gunShot~ synthesize~
mtl/hacheur~ fx~
mtl/hardlimit~ fx~
mtl/harmgen~ fx~
mtl/hexToDec conversion
mtl/hissing~ synthesize~
mtl/hold~ control~
mtl/hsv ui
mtl/hsvToRgb conversion
mtl/inBetweens math
mtl/indexer data
mtl/instrument~ instrument~
mtl/intToDigits conversion
mtl/in~ mix~
mtl/keyNameLearn ui
mtl/keyR ui
mtl/keyText ui symbols
mtl/kick808~ synthesize~
mtl/lightFreqToWave conversion
mtl/lightWaveToFreq conversion
mtl/lightning~ synthesize~
mtl/limiteur~ fx~
mtl/limit~ mix~
mtl/listBoolToPos lists
mtl/listBuild lists
mtl/listCutUp lists
mtl/listDelay lists timing
mtl/listJump lists musical
mtl/listOp lists math
mtl/mToHarm
mtl/mToSpeed conversion
mtl/main~ mix~
mtl/makeLabel ui
mtl/material~ fx~
mtl/modf math
mtl/msToBpm conversion
mtl/msToFps conversion
mtl/msToFreq conversion
mtl/msToSmp conversion
mtl/msToTime conversion
mtl/nbx~ info~
mtl/noisegate~ fx~
mtl/noteClose midi
mtl/noteFloat midi
mtl/noteSplit midi
mtl/noteToName musical
mtl/numToRgb conversion
mtl/octava musical
mtl/octave.divider~ fx~
mtl/octave.doubler~ fx~
mtl/oldRecord~ synthesize~
mtl/out~ mix~
mtl/oversat~ fx~
mtl/pdToAscii conversion
mtl/peakfilter~ fx~
mtl/phaser~ fx~
mtl/phi math
mtl/piano ui midi
mtl/pitchShift~ fx~
mtl/player~ tables play~
mtl/pluck~ synthesize~
mtl/punch~ mix~
mtl/pvoc-reverb~ fx~
mtl/pwm~ instrument~
mtl/qompander~ fx~
mtl/qtrack sequencing
mtl/radianToDegree conversion
mtl/rain~ synthesize~
mtl/randomFloat random
mtl/recirculating-schroeder-reverb~ fx~
mtl/rect-down~ fx~
mtl/rect-up~ fx~
mtl/reverbCm~ fx~
mtl/reverbFdn~ fx~
mtl/reverbFree~ fx~
mtl/rgbToHsv conversion
mtl/rgbToNum conversion
mtl/round math
mtl/roundUp math
mtl/round~ fx~
mtl/rumble~ synthesize~
mtl/sampleFiler tables samples file~
mtl/saturate~ fx~
mtl/sawor~ instrument~
mtl/scaleSmart math
mtl/seq1x8 sequencing
mtl/seq8x8 sequencing
mtl/shape~ fx~
mtl/shrinkSymbol symbols
mtl/sieve~ fx~
mtl/sigToFloat~ conversion
mtl/sign math
mtl/simpleFm~ instrument~
mtl/sl8 ui
mtl/smpToBpm conversion musical
mtl/smpToFreq conversion
mtl/smpToMem conversion
mtl/smpToMs conversion
mtl/smpToTime conversion
mtl/smpteToFrames conversion
mtl/sometimes random
mtl/soundFreqToWave conversion
mtl/soundWaveToFreq conversion
mtl/spectrum~ info~
mtl/speedToM conversion
mtl/splitExtension file
mtl/ssb~ fx~
mtl/stereoexpand~ fx~
mtl/tabwriteAuto tables
mtl/tempo timing
mtl/theMatrix data math
mtl/timeToMs conversion
mtl/tracker4 sequencing
mtl/transient~ fx~
mtl/transpose musical
mtl/trapezoid~ instrument~
mtl/ugurphase~ fx~
mtl/valueChange routing
mtl/valverect~ fx~
mtl/vdirac~ synthesize~
mtl/vibrato~ fx~
mtl/vocoder~ fx~
mtl/vu~ info~
mtl/wave-shaper~ fx~
mtl/wavewrap~ fx~
mtl/wind~ synthesize~
